packages/shopping-cart/README.md, before:

# Shopping Cart

This is a library for accessing the WordPress.com shopping cart.

An older version of this interface exists in calypso's `lib/cart` directory, but that version is deprecated.

This package provides the following API, as well as a comprehensive set of TypeScript types for the data passed through the cart. Notably, the whole cart object itself is a `ResponseCart` containing `ResponseCartProduct` objects. If adding a new product, the `RequestCart` and `RequestCartProduct` can be used instead (they have fewer required properties).

## ShoppingCartProvider

A React context provider component which should be used near the top level of the render tree to grant access to the shopping cart to the components in the tree via the [useShoppingCart](#useShoppingCart) hook or the [withShoppingCart](#withShoppingCart) higher-order-component.

It requires three props:

- `cartKey: string | number | undefined | null`. Every cart is keyed by a cart key; usually this is the WordPress.com site ID (preferred, because it is always unique) or site slug. It can also be `'no-site'` or `'no-user'`. If `undefined` or `null`, the cart will not be loaded and the `isLoading` value will be `true`; this can be used to temporarily disable the cart.
- `getCart: ( cartKey: string ) => Promise< ResponseCart >`. This is an async function that will fetch the cart from the server.
- `setCart: ( cartKey: string, requestCart: RequestCart ) => Promise< ResponseCart >`. This is an async function that will send an updated cart to the server.

## useShoppingCart

This is a React hook that can be used in any child component under [ShoppingCartProvider](#ShoppingCartProvider) to return a `ShoppingCartManager` object. That object contains the following properties. Note that the action functions in this object are requests only; they do not guarantee that the request will be fulfilled by the shopping cart API.

- `responseCart: ResponseCart`. The full cart object itself. For this object's API, see the TypeScript type. This object should be considered **read-only**. To make changes to the cart, use the action functions in `ShoppingCartManager` like `addProductsToCart`.
- `isLoading: boolean`. True if the cart is still loading from the server. This will only be true during the initial load for a `cartKey` or when the `cartKey` is `undefined|null`. When updating an existing cart, `isPendingUpdate` will be true instead.
- `isPendingUpdate: boolean`. True if the cart is loading in any way, either during its initial load, when a `cartKey` changes, or when a modification request is pending.
- `loadingError: string | null | undefined`. If fetching or updating the cart causes an error, this will be a string that contains the error message.
- `loadingErrorType: ShoppingCartError | undefined`. If fetching or updating the cart causes an error, this will contain a string that explains what type of error.
- `couponStatus: 'fresh' | 'pending' | 'applied' | 'invalid' | 'rejected' | 'error'`. A string that can be used to determine if a coupon is applied.
- `addProductsToCart: ( products: RequestCartProduct[] ) => void`. A function that requests adding new products to the cart.
- `removeProductFromCart: ( uuidToRemove: string ) => void`. A function that requests removing a product from the cart.
- `applyCoupon: ( couponId: string ) => void`. A function that requests applying a coupon to the cart (only one coupon can be applied at a time).
- `removeCoupon: () => void`. A function that requests removing a coupon to the cart.
- `updateLocation: ( location: CartLocation ) => void`. A function that can be used to change the tax location of the cart.
- `replaceProductInCart: ( uuidToReplace: string, productPropertiesToChange: Partial< RequestCartProduct > ) => void`. A function that can replace one product in the cart with another, retaining the same UUID; useful for changing product variants.
- `replaceProductsInCart: ( products: RequestCartProduct[] ) => void`. A function that replaces all the products in the cart with a new set of products. Can also be used to clear the cart.
- `reloadFromServer: () => void`. A function to throw away the current cart cache and fetch it fresh from the shopping cart API.

## withShoppingCart

A React HOC (higher order component) that can be used to inject the `ShoppingCartManager` into another component as a prop called `shoppingCartManager`.

## createRequestCartProduct

A helper function that creates a `RequestCartProduct`, which can then be passed to shopping cart functions like `addProductsToCart()`.

It takes one argument, an object which contains some or all of the properties in a `RequestCartProduct`, but must contain at least `product_slug` and `product_id`. The remaining properties, if not set, will be filled with the default values.

Commit message:

Shopping cart: Fix cart key change and reload behavior (#47625)
* Add cart prop to withShoppingCart

* Make all args to getCartKey optional

* Update ShoppingCartProvider type so it can accept multiple children

* Change CART_RELOAD action to not erase cart

* Move cartKey change check to useShoppingCartManager

The previous location for this logic was blocked unless the cacheStatus
is fresh.

* Ignore CART_RELOAD when queuing actions in shoppingCartReducer

* Strip out credits products when they come back from the server

* Remove code that strips credit products from calypso

* Restore erasing cart during reload

* Remove credits line item removal test from calypso

Calypso should now never see one of these line items.

* Add emptyResponseCart to shopping-cart package API

* Make getEmptyResponseCart a function to prevent mutation

packages/shopping-cart/README.md, after:

# Shopping Cart

This is a library for accessing the WordPress.com shopping cart.

An older version of this interface exists in calypso's `lib/cart` directory, but that version is deprecated.

This package provides the following API, as well as a comprehensive set of TypeScript types for the data passed through the cart. Notably, the whole cart object itself is a `ResponseCart` containing `ResponseCartProduct` objects. If adding a new product, the `RequestCart` and `RequestCartProduct` can be used instead (they have fewer required properties).

## ShoppingCartProvider

A React context provider component which should be used near the top level of the render tree to grant access to the shopping cart to the components in the tree via the [useShoppingCart](#useShoppingCart) hook or the [withShoppingCart](#withShoppingCart) higher-order-component.

It requires three props:

- `cartKey: string | number | undefined | null`. Every cart is keyed by a cart key; usually this is the WordPress.com site ID (preferred, because it is always unique) or site slug. It can also be `'no-site'` or `'no-user'`. If `undefined` or `null`, the cart will not be loaded and the `isLoading` value will be `true`; this can be used to temporarily disable the cart.
- `getCart: ( cartKey: string ) => Promise< ResponseCart >`. This is an async function that will fetch the cart from the server.
- `setCart: ( cartKey: string, requestCart: RequestCart ) => Promise< ResponseCart >`. This is an async function that will send an updated cart to the server.

## useShoppingCart

This is a React hook that can be used in any child component under [ShoppingCartProvider](#ShoppingCartProvider) to return a `ShoppingCartManager` object. That object contains the following properties. Note that the action functions in this object are requests only; they do not guarantee that the request will be fulfilled by the shopping cart API.

- `responseCart: ResponseCart`. The full cart object itself. For this object's API, see the TypeScript type. This object should be considered **read-only**. To make changes to the cart, use the action functions in `ShoppingCartManager` like `addProductsToCart`.
- `isLoading: boolean`. True if the cart is still loading from the server. This will only be true during the initial load for a `cartKey` or when the `cartKey` is `undefined|null`. When updating an existing cart, `isPendingUpdate` will be true instead.
- `isPendingUpdate: boolean`. True if the cart is loading in any way, either during its initial load, when a `cartKey` changes, or when a modification request is pending.
- `loadingError: string | null | undefined`. If fetching or updating the cart causes an error, this will be a string that contains the error message.
- `loadingErrorType: ShoppingCartError | undefined`. If fetching or updating the cart causes an error, this will contain a string that explains what type of error.
- `couponStatus: 'fresh' | 'pending' | 'applied' | 'invalid' | 'rejected' | 'error'`. A string that can be used to determine if a coupon is applied.
- `addProductsToCart: ( products: RequestCartProduct[] ) => void`. A function that requests adding new products to the cart.
- `removeProductFromCart: ( uuidToRemove: string ) => void`. A function that requests removing a product from the cart.
- `applyCoupon: ( couponId: string ) => void`. A function that requests applying a coupon to the cart (only one coupon can be applied at a time).
- `removeCoupon: () => void`. A function that requests removing a coupon to the cart.
- `updateLocation: ( location: CartLocation ) => void`. A function that can be used to change the tax location of the cart.
- `replaceProductInCart: ( uuidToReplace: string, productPropertiesToChange: Partial< RequestCartProduct > ) => void`. A function that can replace one product in the cart with another, retaining the same UUID; useful for changing product variants.
- `replaceProductsInCart: ( products: RequestCartProduct[] ) => void`. A function that replaces all the products in the cart with a new set of products. Can also be used to clear the cart.
- `reloadFromServer: () => void`. A function to throw away the current cart cache and fetch it fresh from the shopping cart API.

## withShoppingCart

A React HOC (higher order component) that can be used to inject the `ShoppingCartManager` into another component as a prop called `shoppingCartManager`. For convenience, since the most common use-case for accessing this package is to get a copy of the cart, it also adds a prop called `cart`, which is equal to `shoppingCartManager.responseCart`.

## createRequestCartProduct

A helper function that creates a `RequestCartProduct`, which can then be passed to shopping cart functions like `addProductsToCart()`.

It takes one argument, an object which contains some or all of the properties in a `RequestCartProduct`, but must contain at least `product_slug` and `product_id`. The remaining properties, if not set, will be filled with the default values.

## getEmptyResponseCart

A function that returns an empty but valid `ResponseCart` object. Useful for tests where we need to mock the shopping cart response.
