client/components/domains/contact-details-form-fields/README.md, before:

Domain Contact Details Form
=============

This component renders a contact form with fields specific to purchasing a domain or editing a domain's WHOIS contact details.

Its primary purpose for existing is to ensure consistency between the domain checkout form (`/checkout/some-domain.blog`) and the edit WHOIS contact form (`/domains/manage/some-domain.blog/edit-contact-info/some-domain.blog`).


## Usage


```jsx
    <ContactDetailsFormFields
        eventFormName="Edit Contact Info"
        contactDetails={ contactDetailsObject }
        disableSubmitButton={ false }
        getIsFieldDisabled={ customFieldDisabledCheck }
        labelTexts={ labelTextOverridesObjects }
        needsFax={ false }
        onCancel={ handleCancelButtonClick }
        onContactDetailsChange={ handleContactDetailsChange }
        onSubmit={ handleSubmitButtonClick }
        onValidate={ validateFormValues }
        onSanitize={ sanitizeFormValues }
    />

```

## Props

### contactDetails {object} (required)

The form model, consisting of key/value pairs. Keys must be **camelCase**.

```js
{
    firstName: 'Osso',
    lastName: 'Buco',
    organization: 'Il pagliaccio del comune',
    email: 'osso@buco.com',
    phone: '+3398067382',
    address1: 'Via Strada Bella',
    address2: '',
    city: 'Piccolo Villagio',
    state: 'AG',
    postalCode: '12345',
    countryCode: 'IT',
    fax: '+3398067382',
},

```

### eventFormName {string} (optional)

Passed to child field components for tracking purposes.

**Default value**: `'Domain contact details form'`


### disableSubmitButton {Bool} (optional)

Disables the submit button, and therefore prevents form submission

**Default value**: `false`

### getIsFieldDisabled {Func} (optional)

Executed at render time providing the parent component with an opportunity to disable individual/all the form fields.

#### Arguments

{string} name of form field to be disabled

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
    // disables the firstName field when firstNameEditable === false
	customFieldDisabledCheck = ( name ) => {
		if ( name === 'firstName' && firstNameEditable === false ) {
			return true;
		}
	};
```

### labelTexts {object} (optional)

An object of strings that override certain label texts. This is mainly used for conditional labels and translated texts.

Currently supports only two values: `submitButton` and `organization`.

Example:

```js
{
    submitButton: translate( 'Continue' ),
    organization: translate(
        'Registering this domain for a company? + Add Organization Name',
        'Registering these domains for a company? + Add Organization Name',
        {
            count: this.getNumberOfDomainRegistrations(),
        }
    ),
}
```

### needsFax {Bool} (optional)

Renders the fax field when set to `true`

**Default value**: `false`

### onCancel {Func} (optional)

Callback for cancel button. By default the cancel button will not show if no method is passed.

### onContactDetailsChange {Func} (optional)

Triggered whenever a form value changes. 

#### Arguments

1. {object} The full form object model containing the new values

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
	onContactDetailsChange = ( newContactDetails ) => {
		this.props.updateReduxStore( newContactDetails );
	};
```

### onSubmit {Func} (required)

Triggered onSubmit and when all fields are valid

#### Arguments

1. {object} The full form object model containing the new values

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
	onSubmit = ( newContactDetails ) => {
		wp.updateSomething( newContactDetails );
	};
```

### onValidate {Func} (optional)

Runs a custom validation check after a field update

#### Arguments

1. {object} The full form object model containing the new values
2. {Function} A callback to be triggered when validation is complete. See `form-state` ([this._validatorFunction](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/blob/master/client/lib/form-state/index.js)) for details.

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
	validate = ( fieldValues, onComplete ) => {
	    checkValidity( fieldValues, ( error, data ) => {
            const messages = ( data && data.messages ) || {};
            onComplete( error, messages );
        });
	};
```

### onSanitize {Func} (optional)

Runs a custom sanitize method after a field update

#### Arguments

1. {object} The full form object model containing the new values
2. {Function} A callback to be triggered when sanitization is complete. See `form-state` ([this._sanitizerFunction](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/blob/master/client/lib/form-state/index.js)) for details.

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
	onSanitize = ( fieldValues, onComplete ) => {
        const newValues = {
            lastName: fieldValues.lastName === 'SHOUTYMAN' ? 'Shoutyman' : fieldValues.lastName,
        };
	    onComplete( Object.assign( {}, fieldValues, newValues ) );
	};
```

Commit message:

Make onSubmit prop optional in contact details form fields component (#38835)
The ContactDetailsFormFields component has a required callback prop onSubmit. Composite checkout needs to use this component for consistency, but manages its own state and submission. This PR makes onSubmit optional and prevents rendering the submit button if the prop is not present.

client/components/domains/contact-details-form-fields/README.md, after:

Domain Contact Details Form
=============

This component renders a contact form with fields specific to purchasing a domain or editing a domain's WHOIS contact details.

Its primary purpose for existing is to ensure consistency between the domain checkout form (`/checkout/some-domain.blog`) and the edit WHOIS contact form (`/domains/manage/some-domain.blog/edit-contact-info/some-domain.blog`).


## Usage


```jsx
    <ContactDetailsFormFields
        eventFormName="Edit Contact Info"
        contactDetails={ contactDetailsObject }
        disableSubmitButton={ false }
        getIsFieldDisabled={ customFieldDisabledCheck }
        labelTexts={ labelTextOverridesObjects }
        needsFax={ false }
        onCancel={ handleCancelButtonClick }
        onContactDetailsChange={ handleContactDetailsChange }
        onSubmit={ handleSubmitButtonClick }
        onValidate={ validateFormValues }
        onSanitize={ sanitizeFormValues }
    />

```

## Props

### contactDetails {object} (required)

The form model, consisting of key/value pairs. Keys must be **camelCase**.

```js
{
    firstName: 'Osso',
    lastName: 'Buco',
    organization: 'Il pagliaccio del comune',
    email: 'osso@buco.com',
    phone: '+3398067382',
    address1: 'Via Strada Bella',
    address2: '',
    city: 'Piccolo Villagio',
    state: 'AG',
    postalCode: '12345',
    countryCode: 'IT',
    fax: '+3398067382',
},

```

### eventFormName {string} (optional)

Passed to child field components for tracking purposes.

**Default value**: `'Domain contact details form'`


### disableSubmitButton {Bool} (optional)

Disables the submit button, and therefore prevents form submission

**Default value**: `false`

### getIsFieldDisabled {Func} (optional)

Executed at render time providing the parent component with an opportunity to disable individual/all the form fields.

#### Arguments

{string} name of form field to be disabled

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
    // disables the firstName field when firstNameEditable === false
	customFieldDisabledCheck = ( name ) => {
		if ( name === 'firstName' && firstNameEditable === false ) {
			return true;
		}
	};
```

### labelTexts {object} (optional)

An object of strings that override certain label texts. This is mainly used for conditional labels and translated texts.

Currently supports only two values: `submitButton` and `organization`.

Example:

```js
{
    submitButton: translate( 'Continue' ),
    organization: translate(
        'Registering this domain for a company? + Add Organization Name',
        'Registering these domains for a company? + Add Organization Name',
        {
            count: this.getNumberOfDomainRegistrations(),
        }
    ),
}
```

### needsFax {Bool} (optional)

Renders the fax field when set to `true`

**Default value**: `false`

### onCancel {Func} (optional)

Callback for cancel button. By default the cancel button will not show if no method is passed.

### onContactDetailsChange {Func} (optional)

Triggered whenever a form value changes. 

#### Arguments

1. {object} The full form object model containing the new values

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
	onContactDetailsChange = ( newContactDetails ) => {
		this.props.updateReduxStore( newContactDetails );
	};
```

### onSubmit {Func} (optional)

Triggered onSubmit and when all fields are valid. If this prop is not present, do not render the Submit button.

#### Arguments

1. {object} The full form object model containing the new values

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
	onSubmit = ( newContactDetails ) => {
		wp.updateSomething( newContactDetails );
	};
```

### onValidate {Func} (optional)

Runs a custom validation check after a field update

#### Arguments

1. {object} The full form object model containing the new values
2. {Function} A callback to be triggered when validation is complete. See `form-state` ([this._validatorFunction](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/blob/master/client/lib/form-state/index.js)) for details.

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
	validate = ( fieldValues, onComplete ) => {
	    checkValidity( fieldValues, ( error, data ) => {
            const messages = ( data && data.messages ) || {};
            onComplete( error, messages );
        });
	};
```

### onSanitize {Func} (optional)

Runs a custom sanitize method after a field update

#### Arguments

1. {object} The full form object model containing the new values
2. {Function} A callback to be triggered when sanitization is complete. See `form-state` ([this._sanitizerFunction](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/blob/master/client/lib/form-state/index.js)) for details.

Usage:

```js
    // the method to be passed as a prop to <ContactDetailsFormFields />
	onSanitize = ( fieldValues, onComplete ) => {
        const newValues = {
            lastName: fieldValues.lastName === 'SHOUTYMAN' ? 'Shoutyman' : fieldValues.lastName,
        };
	    onComplete( Object.assign( {}, fieldValues, newValues ) );
	};
```
