test/e2e/docs/overview.md, before:

# Overview

## Table of contents

<!-- TOC -->

- [Overview](#overview)
    - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
    - [What is this?](#what-is-this)
    - [Our Goals](#our-goals)
    - [Technology](#technology)
    - [What is tested?](#what-is-tested)
    - [Test Runs](#test-runs)
        - [Scheduled](#scheduled)
        - [On Demand](#on-demand)

<!-- /TOC -->

## What is this?

End-to-end tests (`e2e` for short) describes the automated functional tests that simulate user interaction with the system under test. 

A well-maintained suite of e2e tests, in conjunction with CI (continuous integration) pipelines will ensure that regressions to key user flows are caught as early as possible in the development cycle.

## Our Goals

To accelerate development by being a force for continuous improvement, and help identify, prioritize and mitigate bottlenecks from the system.

<sup>(taken from Quality Squad internal memo)</sup>

## Technology

These e2e tests use the same technology as the `wp-calypso` GitHub repository, notably JavaScript on Node. User interaction is simulated using the [selenium-webdriver](https://www.selenium.dev/projects/) library.

## What is tested?

At the high level, each test file (or `spec`) fall under one of the following flows:

| Flow | Directory |
| WordPress.com | `specs/` |
| Jetpack | `specs-jetpack/` |
| WooCommerce | `specs-woocommerce/` |

Commit message:

Changes: Fix the ToC for `setup.md` and `running-tests.md`.

test/e2e/docs/overview.md, after:

# Overview

## Table of contents

<!-- TOC -->

- [Overview](#overview)
    - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
    - [What is this?](#what-is-this)
    - [Our Goals](#our-goals)
    - [Technology](#technology)
    - [What is tested?](#what-is-tested)

<!-- /TOC -->

## What is this?

End-to-end tests (`e2e` for short) describes the automated functional tests that simulate user interaction with the system under test. 

A well-maintained suite of e2e tests, in conjunction with CI (continuous integration) pipelines will ensure that regressions to key user flows are caught as early as possible in the development cycle.

## Our Goals

To accelerate development by being a force for continuous improvement, and help identify, prioritize and mitigate bottlenecks from the system.

<sup>(taken from Quality Squad internal memo)</sup>

## Technology

These e2e tests use the same technology as the `wp-calypso` GitHub repository, notably JavaScript on Node. User interaction is simulated using the [selenium-webdriver](https://www.selenium.dev/projects/) library.

## What is tested?

At the high level, each test file (or `spec`) fall under one of the following flows:

| Flow | Directory |
| WordPress.com | `specs/` |
| Jetpack | `specs-jetpack/` |
| WooCommerce | `specs-woocommerce/` |

Note that Jetpack and WooCommerce tests test interactions between `wp-calypso` and the respective features.
