test/e2e/docs/setup.md, before:

# Setup

This document will cover the environment setup process to run the `wp-calypso` e2e tests.

## Table of contents
<!-- TOC -->

- [Setup](#setup)
    - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
    - [Software environment](#software-environment)
        - [Required software](#required-software)
        - [Steps](#steps)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
        - [Overview](#overview)
        - [Custom configurations](#custom-configurations)
    - [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
    - [Naming Branches](#naming-branches)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Software environment

The following instructions are geared towards macOS users.

### Required software

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/#macos)
* [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating) (optional)
* [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/#mac-stable)

Node.js can also be installed using [brew](https://nodejs.dev/learn/how-to-install-nodejs).

It is strongly recommended to use `nvm` to manage multiple Node.js versions.

### Steps

1. Navigate to the test directory:

```
cd <repo_root>/tests/e2e
```

2. Install dependencies:

```
yarn install
```

## Configuration

### Overview

The tests use the node [config](https://www.npmjs.com/package/config) library to specify config values for the tests.

Under the [tests/e2e/config](test/e2e/config) directory are JSON files for predefined environments:

* `default.json` is for all environments
* `development.json` is for local
* `test.json` for CI

It is also possible to use custom configuration files that are not part of the repo. See next section.

### Custom configurations

Custom config files should be added under [tests/e2e/config](test/e2e/config) and should follow the naming scheme: 

```
local-<env>.json
```

There is an entry in `.gitignore` that will ensure custom configurations prefixed with `local-` will not be commited to the repository.

Note that properties found in the local configuration file will override ones found in `default.json`. 

This is useful to test various configurations in the local enviroment.
e.g. testing on local Calypso instance, instead of production by setting the `calypsoBaseURL` property to `http://calypso.localhost:3000`.

For the full list of possible configuration values, please see the following page: [config values](docs/config_values.md).

## Environment Variables

Environment Variables are values that are defined at the system level to serve as configuration for programs.

For e2e tests, the following are required environment variables:

```
export CONFIG_KEY='<config_key_from_a8c_store>'
export NODE_CONFIG='<config_name_to_use>'
```

## Naming Branches

Please refer to the Automattic [branch naming scheme](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/blob/HEAD/docs/git-workflow.md#branch-naming-scheme).

Commit message:

Changes: Include more details on decrypting secrets.
`setup.md`
* transplant steps from internal documentation about how to decrypt secrets.
* rephrase some statements under Custom Configurations

test/e2e/docs/setup.md, after:

# Setup

This document will cover the environment setup process to run the `wp-calypso` e2e tests.

## Table of contents
<!-- TOC -->

- [Setup](#setup)
    - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
    - [Software environment](#software-environment)
        - [Required software](#required-software)
        - [Steps](#steps)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
        - [Overview](#overview)
        - [Use in-repo configuration](#use-in-repo-configuration)
        - [Custom configurations](#custom-configurations)
    - [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
    - [Naming Branches](#naming-branches)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Software environment

The following instructions are geared towards macOS users.

### Required software

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/#macos)
* [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating) (optional)
* [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/#mac-stable)

Node.js can also be installed using [brew](https://nodejs.dev/learn/how-to-install-nodejs).

It is strongly recommended to use `nvm` to manage multiple Node.js versions.

### Steps

1. Navigate to the test directory:

```
cd <repo_root>/tests/e2e
```

2. Install dependencies:

```
yarn install
```

## Configuration

### Overview

The tests use the node [config](https://www.npmjs.com/package/config) library to specify config values for the tests.

Under the [tests/e2e/config](test/e2e/config) directory are JSON files for predefined environments:

* `default.json` is for all environments
* `development.json` is for local
* `test.json` for CI

It is also possible to use custom configuration files that are not part of the repo. See next section.

### Use in-repo configuration

There is a 'standard' configuration already in the GitHub repo under `test/e2e/config/`.

This configuation must be decrypted prior to running any e2e tests. Without the configuration files, tests will not run.

Follow these steps to decrypt the configuration file:

1. obtain the secret key from A8C Secret Store.
2. set the secret key as an environment variable:
```
export CONFIG_KEY='<secret_from_a8c_secret_store>'
```
3. set an environment variable that instructs test runner which configuration to load:
```
export NODE_CONFIG_ENV='decrypted'
```
4. in the `test/e2e` directory, run:
```
npm run decryptconfig`
```
5. (optional) copy contents of the decrypted config to your local config file (next section).

### Custom configurations

Custom config files should be added under [tests/e2e/config](test/e2e/config) and should follow the naming scheme: 

```
local-<env>.json
```

`.gitignore` ensures that custom configurations prefixed with `local-` will not be commited to the repository. However, **please ensure username/passwords and other configuration values are not committed by accident!**

Values found in the local configuration file will override ones found in `default.json`. 

This is useful to test various configurations in the local enviroment.
e.g. testing on local Calypso instance, instead of production by setting the `calypsoBaseURL` property to `http://calypso.localhost:3000`.

For the full list of possible configuration values, please see the following page: [config values](docs/config_values.md).

## Environment Variables

Environment Variables are values that are defined at the system level to serve as configuration for programs.

For e2e tests, the following are required environment variables (see [above](#configuration))

```
export CONFIG_KEY='<config_key_from_a8c_store>'
export NODE_CONFIG='<config_name_to_use>'
```

Additionally, see the list of other environment variables [here](docs/environment_variables.md).

## Naming Branches

Please refer to the Automattic [branch naming scheme](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/blob/HEAD/docs/git-workflow.md#branch-naming-scheme).
