test/e2e/docs/style-guide.md, before:

# Style Guide

<!-- TOC -->

- [Style Guide](#style-guide)
    - [Async / Await](#async--await)
    - [Tags](#tags)
    - [Page Objects](#page-objects)
    - [Use of this, const and lets](#use-of-this-const-and-lets)
    - [Arrow functions](#arrow-functions)
    - [Default values using destructuring](#default-values-using-destructuring)
    - [Nesting step blocks](#nesting-step-blocks)
    - [Catching errors in a step block](#catching-errors-in-a-step-block)
    - [Waiting for elements](#waiting-for-elements)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Async / Await

We use async functions and `await` to wait for commands to finish. This lets asynchronous methods execute like synchronous methods.
For every method which returns a promise or thenable object `await` should be used. Keep in mind that `await` is only valid inside async function.

We don't chain function calls together and avoid using `.then` calls.

Avoid doing:

```
async selectContinue() {
	const continueSelector = By.css( '.card[data-e2e-type="continue"] button' );
	return await driverHelper
		.waitTillPresentAndDisplayed( this.driver, continueSelector )
		.then( () => driverHelper.clickWhenClickable( this.driver, continueSelector ) );
	}
```

Instead use `await` for each function call:

```
async selectContinue() {
	const continueSelector = By.css( 'a.card[data-e2e-type="continue"] button' );
	await driverHelper.waitTillPresentAndDisplayed( this.driver, continueSelector );
	return await driverHelper.clickWhenClickable( this.driver, continueSelector );
}
```

## Tags

```(javascript)
describe( "Block under test @parallel", function() {
  describe( "Test case 1", function() {
    step( 'Test step 1', function() {
      ...
    } )
    step( 'Test step 2', function() {
      ...
    } )
  } )
  describe( "Test case 2", function() {
    ...
  } )
} )
```

## Page Objects

All pages have asynchronous functions. Constructors for pages can't be asynchronous so we never construct a page object directly (using something like `new PageObjectPage(...)`), instead we use the static methods `Expect` and `Visit`, which are on the asyncBaseContainer and hence available for every page, to construct the page object.

Don't do:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	const domainFirstChoicePage = new DomainFirstPage( driver );
	return await domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

Instead you should do this if you're expecting a page to appear during a flow:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	const domainFirstChoicePage = await DomainFirstPage.Expect( driver );
	return await domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

or this to directly visit a page:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	const domainFirstChoicePage = await DomainFirstPage.Visit( driver );
	return await domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

**Note:** not all pages can be visited as they require a direct URL to be defined, some pages come only as part of flows (eg. sign up pages)

## Use of this, const and lets

It is preferred to use `const`, or `lets`, instead of `this.`, as the scope is narrower and less likely to cause confusion across test steps.

For example:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	this.domainFirstChoicePage = await DomainFirstPage.Expect( driver );
	return await this.domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

can use a `const` instead:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	const domainFirstChoicePage = new DomainFirstPage( driver );
	return await domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

## Arrow functions

Passing arrow functions (“lambdas”) to Mocha is discouraged. Lambdas lexically bind this and cannot access the Mocha context [(source)](https://mochajs.org/#arrow-functions)

Avoid:

```
step( 'We can set the sandbox cookie for payments', () => {
	const wPHomePage = await WPHomePage.Visit( driver );
	await wPHomePage.checkURL( locale );
} );
```

instead:

```
step( 'We can set the sandbox cookie for payments', async function() {
	const wPHomePage = await WPHomePage.Visit( driver );
	await wPHomePage.checkURL( locale );
} );
```

## Default values using destructuring

Use destructuring for default values as this makes calling the function explicit and avoids boolean traps.

Avoid

```
constructor( driver, visit = true, culture = 'en', flow = '', domainFirst = false, domainFirstDomain = '' ) {
```

instead:

```
constructor( driver, { visit = true, culture = 'en', flow = '', domainFirst = false, domainFirstDomain = '' } = {} ) {
```

that way, the page can be called like:

```
new StartPage( driver, { visit: true, domainFirst: true } ).displayed();
```

instead of:

```
new StartPage( driver, true, 'en', '', true, '' ).displayed();
```

## Nesting step blocks

Since we have a bail suite option, it is not necessary to nest `step` blocks.

This is a general structure of an e2e test scenario:

```
describe(
	'An e2e test scenario @parallel',
	function() {


		before( async function() {
			return await driverManager.ensureNotLoggedIn( driver );
		} );

		step( 'First step', async function() {
			// Do something with a page
		} );

		step( 'Second step', async function() {
			// Do something next - this will only execute if the first step doesn't fail
		} );

		after( async function() {
			// Do some cleanup
		} );
	}
);
```

**Note:** The `describe` blocks shouldn't be `async`

## Catching errors in a step block

Sometimes we don't want a `step` block to fail on error - say if we're cleaning up after doing an action and it doesn't matter what happens. As we use async methods using a standard try/catch won't work as the promise itself will still fail. Instead, return an async method that catches the error result:

```
step( 'Can delete our newly created account', async function() {
	return ( async () => {
		const closeAccountPage = await new CloseAccountPage( driver );
		await closeAccountPage.chooseCloseAccount();
		await closeAccountPage.enterAccountNameAndClose( blogName );
		return await new LoggedOutMasterbarComponent( driver ).displayed();
	} )().catch( err => {
		SlackNotifier.warn( `There was an error in the hooks that clean up the test account but since it is cleaning up we really don't care: '${ err }'` );
	} );
} );
```

## Waiting for elements

When waiting for elements we should always use a quantity of the config value defined as `explicitWaitMS` instead of hardcoding values. This allows us to change it readily, and also adjust this for different environments, for example the live branch environment is not as fast as production so it waits twice as long.

Instead of:

```
export default class TransferDomainPrecheckPage extends AsyncBaseContainer {
	constructor( driver ) {
		super( driver, By.css( '.transfer-domain-step__precheck' ), null, 40000 );
	}
}
```

do:

```
export default class TransferDomainPrecheckPage extends AsyncBaseContainer {
	constructor( driver ) {
		super(
			driver,
			By.css( '.transfer-domain-step__precheck' ),
			null,
			config.get( 'explicitWaitMS' ) * 2
		);
	}
}
```

this achieves the same thing as the default explicit wait is presently 20000, and it allows us to adjust for environmental performance.

Commit message:

Changes: Correct dead links and add section on tags.

test/e2e/docs/style-guide.md, after:

# Style Guide

<!-- TOC -->

- [Style Guide](#style-guide)
    - [Async / Await](#async--await)
    - [Tags](#tags)
    - [Page Objects](#page-objects)
    - [Use of this, const and lets](#use-of-this-const-and-lets)
    - [Arrow functions](#arrow-functions)
    - [Default values using destructuring](#default-values-using-destructuring)
    - [Nesting step blocks](#nesting-step-blocks)
    - [Catching errors in a step block](#catching-errors-in-a-step-block)
    - [Waiting for elements](#waiting-for-elements)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Async / Await

We use async functions and `await` to wait for commands to finish. This lets asynchronous methods execute like synchronous methods.
For every method which returns a promise or thenable object `await` should be used. Keep in mind that `await` is only valid inside async function.

We don't chain function calls together and avoid using `.then` calls.

Avoid doing:

```
async selectContinue() {
	const continueSelector = By.css( '.card[data-e2e-type="continue"] button' );
	return await driverHelper
		.waitTillPresentAndDisplayed( this.driver, continueSelector )
		.then( () => driverHelper.clickWhenClickable( this.driver, continueSelector ) );
	}
```

Instead use `await` for each function call:

```
async selectContinue() {
	const continueSelector = By.css( 'a.card[data-e2e-type="continue"] button' );
	await driverHelper.waitTillPresentAndDisplayed( this.driver, continueSelector );
	return await driverHelper.clickWhenClickable( this.driver, continueSelector );
}
```

## Tags

Tags are labels used by `mocha` (our test runner) to determine what tests should be run, depending on the environment. Consider it a form of metadata that conveys various test parameters to the runner.

Typical example:

```(javascript)
describe( "Block under test @parallel", function() {
  describe( "Test case 1", function() {
    step( 'Test step 1', function() {
      ...
    } )
    step( 'Test step 2', function() {
      ...
    } )
  } )
  describe( "Test case 2", function() {
    ...
  } )
} )
```

Some examples of tags:

* parallel
* jetpack
* signup


## Page Objects

All pages have asynchronous functions. Constructors for pages can't be asynchronous so we never construct a page object directly (using something like `new PageObjectPage(...)`), instead we use the static methods `Expect` and `Visit`, which are on the asyncBaseContainer and hence available for every page, to construct the page object.

Don't do:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	const domainFirstChoicePage = new DomainFirstPage( driver );
	return await domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

Instead you should do this if you're expecting a page to appear during a flow:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	const domainFirstChoicePage = await DomainFirstPage.Expect( driver );
	return await domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

or this to directly visit a page:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	const domainFirstChoicePage = await DomainFirstPage.Visit( driver );
	return await domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

**Note:** not all pages can be visited as they require a direct URL to be defined, some pages come only as part of flows (eg. sign up pages)

## Use of this, const and lets

It is preferred to use `const`, or `lets`, instead of `this.`, as the scope is narrower and less likely to cause confusion across test steps.

For example:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	this.domainFirstChoicePage = await DomainFirstPage.Expect( driver );
	return await this.domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

can use a `const` instead:

```
step( 'Can select domain only from the domain first choice page', function() {
	const domainFirstChoicePage = new DomainFirstPage( driver );
	return await domainFirstChoicePage.chooseJustBuyTheDomain();
} );
```

## Arrow functions

Passing arrow functions (“lambdas”) to Mocha is discouraged. Lambdas lexically bind this and cannot access the Mocha context [(source)](https://mochajs.org/#arrow-functions)

Avoid:

```
step( 'We can set the sandbox cookie for payments', () => {
	const wPHomePage = await WPHomePage.Visit( driver );
	await wPHomePage.checkURL( locale );
} );
```

instead:

```
step( 'We can set the sandbox cookie for payments', async function() {
	const wPHomePage = await WPHomePage.Visit( driver );
	await wPHomePage.checkURL( locale );
} );
```

## Default values using destructuring

Use destructuring for default values as this makes calling the function explicit and avoids boolean traps.

Avoid

```
constructor( driver, visit = true, culture = 'en', flow = '', domainFirst = false, domainFirstDomain = '' ) {
```

instead:

```
constructor( driver, { visit = true, culture = 'en', flow = '', domainFirst = false, domainFirstDomain = '' } = {} ) {
```

that way, the page can be called like:

```
new StartPage( driver, { visit: true, domainFirst: true } ).displayed();
```

instead of:

```
new StartPage( driver, true, 'en', '', true, '' ).displayed();
```

## Nesting step blocks

Since we have a bail suite option, it is not necessary to nest `step` blocks.

This is a general structure of an e2e test scenario:

```
describe(
	'An e2e test scenario @parallel',
	function() {


		before( async function() {
			return await driverManager.ensureNotLoggedIn( driver );
		} );

		step( 'First step', async function() {
			// Do something with a page
		} );

		step( 'Second step', async function() {
			// Do something next - this will only execute if the first step doesn't fail
		} );

		after( async function() {
			// Do some cleanup
		} );
	}
);
```

**Note:** The `describe` blocks shouldn't be `async`

## Catching errors in a step block

Sometimes we don't want a `step` block to fail on error - say if we're cleaning up after doing an action and it doesn't matter what happens. As we use async methods using a standard try/catch won't work as the promise itself will still fail. Instead, return an async method that catches the error result:

```
step( 'Can delete our newly created account', async function() {
	return ( async () => {
		const closeAccountPage = await new CloseAccountPage( driver );
		await closeAccountPage.chooseCloseAccount();
		await closeAccountPage.enterAccountNameAndClose( blogName );
		return await new LoggedOutMasterbarComponent( driver ).displayed();
	} )().catch( err => {
		SlackNotifier.warn( `There was an error in the hooks that clean up the test account but since it is cleaning up we really don't care: '${ err }'` );
	} );
} );
```

## Waiting for elements

When waiting for elements we should always use a quantity of the config value defined as `explicitWaitMS` instead of hardcoding values. This allows us to change it readily, and also adjust this for different environments, for example the live branch environment is not as fast as production so it waits twice as long.

Instead of:

```
export default class TransferDomainPrecheckPage extends AsyncBaseContainer {
	constructor( driver ) {
		super( driver, By.css( '.transfer-domain-step__precheck' ), null, 40000 );
	}
}
```

do:

```
export default class TransferDomainPrecheckPage extends AsyncBaseContainer {
	constructor( driver ) {
		super(
			driver,
			By.css( '.transfer-domain-step__precheck' ),
			null,
			config.get( 'explicitWaitMS' ) * 2
		);
	}
}
```

this achieves the same thing as the default explicit wait is presently 20000, and it allows us to adjust for environmental performance.
