client/components/experiment/readme.md, before:

# Experiment Component

A component for wrapping experiment variations and making the variations easier to reason about.
You can use this component as a reference implementation in your own component or simply use this
component to take advantage of current and future best-practices.

Usage:

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import Experiment, {
	DefaultVariation,
	Variation,
	LoadingVariations,
} from 'client/components/experiment';

function SomeExperiment( props ) {
	return (
		<Experiment name={ 'experiment_name' }>
			<DefaultVariation name="A">
				Shows this variation when:
				<ol>
					<li>The user doesn't have a variation assigned to them.</li>
					<li>The experiment doesn't exist.</li>
					<li>Before the experiment goes live</li>
				</ol>
			</DefaultVariation>
			<Variation name="B">Show variation B if the user is assigned this variation.</Variation>
			<LoadingVariations>
				Show this when we don't know the variation because we haven't called the API yet to get
				variations.
				<br />
				Protip: If this experiment is in the middle or end of a flow, try putting
				<code>&lt;QueryExperiments&gt;</code> at the beginning of your flow to ensure the variation
				assignments are preloaded.
			</LoadingVariations>
		</Experiment>
	);
}
```

Commit message:

ExPlat: Remove unused tests and deprecate calypso-abtests (#47895)
* Remove tests with no references

* Add deprecation messages

* Deprecate abtest API in JSDoc

* Move the links around

* Move links around

* Remove unnecessary deprecation JSDoc

* Fix readme

* Fix eslint

client/components/experiment/readme.md, after:

# Experiment Component

A component for wrapping experiment variations and making the variations easier to reason about.
You can use this component as a reference implementation in your own component or simply use this
component to take advantage of current and future best-practices.

For more info see pbxNRc-sZ-p2 or visit #a8c-experiments and ask around!

Usage:

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import Experiment, {
	DefaultVariation,
	Variation,
	LoadingVariations,
} from 'client/components/experiment';

function SomeExperiment( props ) {
	return (
		<Experiment name={ 'experiment_name' }>
			<DefaultVariation name="A">
				Shows this variation when:
				<ol>
					<li>The user doesn't have a variation assigned to them.</li>
					<li>The experiment doesn't exist.</li>
					<li>Before the experiment goes live</li>
				</ol>
			</DefaultVariation>
			<Variation name="B">Show variation B if the user is assigned this variation.</Variation>
			<LoadingVariations>
				Show this when we don't know the variation because we haven't called the API yet to get
				variations.
				<br />
				Protip: If this experiment is in the middle or end of a flow, try putting
				<code>&lt;QueryExperiments&gt;</code> at the beginning of your flow to ensure the variation
				assignments are preloaded.
			</LoadingVariations>
		</Experiment>
	);
}
```
